h1. C++ JSON Parser Prototype

h2. Motivation

p. This JSON parser prototype was written as part of a proposal for the Boost C++ library for The Google Summer of Code 2013.

p. JSON parsing is a simple yet practical application of complier design. In this implementation we are parsing a subset of the JSON data types into a Tree API with a recursive descent parser.

h2. Overview

p. The current implementation uses a Builder pattern to separate "code generation" from parsing. In our case, "code generation" is the creation of a data structure that reflects JSON arrays and objects and the assignment of JSON values into the data structure. 

p. Representation of JSON data in C++ is an interesting challenge, we use the "Dynamic C++ library":http://code.google.com/p/dynamic-cpp/ to represent dynamically typed data. JSON arrays are represented by arrays, and objects are represented by hashmaps.

p. We are using the JSON scanner from the "protoc library":http://sourceforge.net/p/protoc/wiki/Home/ as a Lexer.

p. You can have an overview of the API by looking at the "unit tests":src/test/parser_test.cpp


h2. Thanks

p. A big thanks to Bjorn Reese for his mentoring and support during this prototype development.

h2. Build

Dependencies: Boost and Boost.Test. On Debian, this is provided by the packages @libboost1.48-dev@ and @libboost-test1.48.0@

p. The required parts of dynamic-cpp and protoc are included in the repository.

p. The Makefile is incomplete, you will need to create a @bin/@ and an @obj/@ folder in the project. Build has only been tested with g++ on a Linux environment. CMake is coming soon...

p. You can run the unit tests by typing @bin/builder_test@ and @bin/parser_test@

